So, I'm at Spark Together, which is our
our annual uh customer conference, and a
gentleman comes up to me. He gives me
his business card, and he says, "I came
all the way from South Korea to meet you
and to see Spark together and to come to
this event." And I thought, man, that is
that's such a long way to travel just
for this event. But, you know what? I I
gotta say, he sent me like this
beautifully kind email afterward. His
name's Danny Park. and um and then he
showed me the product that they're
building, which I think you're going to
be quite interested in. So, if you're in
digital marketing and you do audience
research with Spark Toro, you know that
we've got like a little bit of keyword
data, but we're we're not an SEO tool.
We're not a keyword research tool. But
his product, which is called uh
listening mind, listening mind, it's
pretty impressive. Like it it does this
mapping system. Actually, you know what?
I think this one is the one that really
sold me on it. So, it sort of groups
keywords by intent, which is one of the
cool things that you can start to do
with the advent of AI and large language
models and keywords. And then it kind of
helps to describe your product the way
the keyword universe of Google searchers
does and then, you know, breaks them
into personas.
Does this based on jobs to be done? Um,
it does this interesting cluster view
that that he was showing me that I
thought was quite creative. And then I
want to say there's one that shows the
journey. And maybe that was the one.
Yes. Okay. Audience intelligence
software. So people start here then they
go to audience intelligence AI then they
might look for a platform they might
look for something related to Twitter
and they they might look at uh Audience
which is like a a platform that used to
be more overlapping with Spark Toro back
when we were Twitter based now we're
clickstream but you can see like then
people get to Spark Toro and and
searching for that and it's this this
like road mapap journey view I thought
that was just really clever and
creative.
great use of keyword universe data plus
website data, right? What what keywords
show up for things in Google. And then,
you know, when I checked out their
website, they they have this nice free
trial. Um you can search for things and
and check it out and get results like
these uh for free. So, I thought, man,
you know what would be nice? Would be
nice if I made a video the way Danny did
this nice thing and showed up at Spark
together and supported us. When people
do good work, shout it out, right?